Migrate Credentials docs from opensource.ripple.com (#2905)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/references/protocol/ledger-data/ledger-entry-types/depositpreauth.md

# DepositPreauth
[[Source]](https://github.com/XRPLF/rippled/blob/master/src/ripple/protocol/impl/LedgerFormats.cpp#L172-L178 "Source")

> A `DepositPreauth` entry tracks a preauthorization from one account. You can always create a preauthorization by sending a [DepositPreauth transaction][], but it has no effect unless you are using [Deposit Authorization](https://xrpl.org/docs/concepts/accounts/depositauth).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `DepositPreauth` entry tracks a preauthorization from one account. You can always create a preauthorization by sending a [DepositPreauth transaction][], but it has no effect unless you are using [Deposit Authorization](../../../../concepts/accounts/depositauth.md).
```
